README.md, before:

**Michael Andreuzza, Åland Islands**

I’m a self-taught product designer who codes and designs enough to ship. I focus on what works, stay consistent, and keep things simple.

### Current Projects

- **[Lexington Themes](https://lexingtonthemes.com)** - Premium website templates and UI components
- **[Bearnie](https://bearnie.dev)** - Accessible components for Astro and Tailwind CSS. 
 
### Current projects
- **[Oxbow UI](https://oxbowui.com)** - Tailwind CSS Blocks library
- **[Just fucking use Astro](https://justfuckinguseastro.com)** - Why you should use Astro (rant)
- **[Colors & Fonts](https://colorsandfonts.com)** - Curated design resources
- **[Kromatika](https://github.com/michael-andreuzza/kromatika)** - An elegant color palette for user interfaces
- **[SVG Doodles](https://svgdoodles.com)** - Hand-drawn SVG illustrations ready to copy-paste
- **[VSCode Themes](https://michaelandreuzza.com/themes/)** - Custom VSCode themes
- **[Pricing Patterns](https://pricingpatterns.com)** - Pricing page inspiration and examples

###  Connect

- [michaelandreuzza.com](https://michaelandreuzza.com)
- [Twitter/X](https://x.com/mike_andreuzza)
---

Commit message:

Update README with current and other projects

README.md, after:

**Michael Andreuzza, Åland Islands**

I’m a self-taught product designer who codes and designs enough to ship. I focus on what works, stay consistent, and keep things simple.

### Currently focused on: 

- **[Lexington Themes](https://lexingtonthemes.com)** - Premium website templates crafted with Astro and Tailwind CSS.
- **[Bearnie](https://bearnie.dev)** - Accessible components for Astro and Tailwind CSS. 
 
### Other projects
- **[Oxbow UI](https://oxbowui.com)** - Tailwind CSS Blocks library
- **[Just fucking use Astro](https://justfuckinguseastro.com)** - Why you should use Astro (rant)
- **[Colors & Fonts](https://colorsandfonts.com)** - Curated design resources
- **[Kromatika](https://github.com/michael-andreuzza/kromatika)** - An elegant color palette for user interfaces
- **[SVG Doodles](https://svgdoodles.com)** - Hand-drawn SVG illustrations ready to copy-paste
- **[VSCode Themes](https://michaelandreuzza.com/themes/)** - Custom VSCode themes
- **[Pricing Patterns](https://pricingpatterns.com)** - Pricing page inspiration and examples

###  Socials

- [michaelandreuzza.com](https://michaelandreuzza.com)
- [Twitter/X](https://x.com/mike_andreuzza)
---
